The common themes and findings from the reviews of the assessment questions are:

1. Quality of Questions: The questions are generally of high quality. They are clear, concise, and directly related to the topic of 
microservices. They test the learner's understanding of key concepts and techniques related to the design and boundaries of microservices.

2. Quality of Options: The options are well-crafted, relevant, and plausible. They cover a range of possible scenarios and require the 
learner to have a good understanding of the topic to select the correct answer.

3. Correct Answer Included: The correct answers are included in the options for all questions.

4. Correct Option Selected: There is a recurring issue with the correct options not being marked or selected. This is a formatting error 
that needs to be addressed.

5. Quality of Rationale: The rationales are generally excellent. They provide clear explanations for why each option is correct or 
incorrect, and they reference the text to support these explanations. However, there are instances where the rationales are based on the 
text, which may not be available to all learners. It would be better if the rationales could stand alone. Also, there are instances where 
the rationale for some options is missing, which should be addressed to improve the quality of the assessment.

Unusual Findings:

1. In some cases, the correct answer is not marked with an 'X' or any other mark indicating the correct answer. This is a formatting error 
that needs to be corrected.

2. There are instances where the rationale for some options is missing. This is a gap that should be addressed to improve the quality of 
the assessment. 

The common themes and findings from the reviews of the assessment questions are as follows:

1. Quality of Questions: All questions are of high quality. They are clear, concise, and directly related to the topic of microservices and
coupling. They test the learner's understanding of key concepts and principles in this area.

2. Quality of Options: The options for each question are well-written and plausible. They cover a range of possible understandings and 
misconceptions about the topic.

3. Correct Answer Included: The correct answer is included in the options for each question.

4. Correct Option Selected: There are some inconsistencies here. While the correct option is selected for most questions, there are 
instances where the correct option is not marked. This needs to be corrected.

5. Quality of Rationale: The rationales for each question are generally excellent. They clearly explain why each option is correct or 
incorrect, and they reinforce key concepts and principles about microservices and coupling. However, there are instances where the 
rationale for an option is incomplete and needs to be corrected.

Unusual Findings: 

1. In some cases, the correct option is not marked with an X in the questions. This is an error that needs to be corrected.

2. There are instances where the rationale for an option is incomplete. This needs to be corrected to fully explain why the option is 
correct or incorrect.

3. In one question, there are only two options provided, which may make the question too easy. It would be better to provide more options 
to make the question more challenging. 

The common themes and findings from the reviews of the assessment questions are as follows:

1. Quality of Questions: The questions are generally of high quality. They are clear, concise, and directly related to the topic of 
microservices and Domain-Driven Design. They test the learner's understanding of key concepts, potential issues, and how to manage them.

2. Quality of Options: The options provided for each question are relevant and plausible. They cover different aspects of the topic and are
not too obvious or too obscure.

3. Correct Answer Included: The correct answer is included in the options for each question.

4. Correct Option Selected: There is a recurring issue where the correct options are not marked with an X. However, they are indicated in 
the rationales. This needs to be corrected.

5. Quality of Rationale: The rationales are well-written and provide clear explanations for why each option is correct or incorrect. They 
provide additional learning opportunities by explaining the reasoning behind each answer.

Unusual Findings:

1. In one of the questions, multiple correct options are marked, which is confusing.

2. In some questions, the rationale for the last option is incomplete. It does not explain why the last option is incorrect.

3. There is a mismatch between the learning objectives and the content of the questions in one of the reviews. The learning objectives are 
about common coupling, not pass-through coupling. This could be confusing for the learner and should be corrected to match the content of 
the questions. 

The common themes and findings from the evaluation of the assessment questions are as follows:

1. Quality of Questions: The questions are generally of high quality. They are clear, concise, and directly related to the topic of 
microservices. They test the learner's understanding of various aspects of the topic, including Domain-Driven Design (DDD), 
volatility-based decomposition, bimodal IT, data segregation, and the influence of technology on microservice boundaries.

2. Quality of Options: The options provided for the questions are also of good quality. They are plausible, relevant, and cover different 
aspects of the topic. However, there is a suggestion that at least four options should be provided for a multiple-choice question.

3. Correct Answer Included: The correct answer is included in the options for all the questions.

4. Correct Option Selected: There is a recurring issue with the correct option not being selected or marked with an X. This issue is 
present in several questions.

5. Quality of Rationale: The rationales provided for the questions are generally good. They clearly explain why each option is correct or 
incorrect based on the information provided in the text. However, there are suggestions for improvement in some cases, such as providing 
more context or a fuller explanation.

Unusual Findings:

1. In one question, the selection indicator "[ ]" is missing at the beginning of the second option, which could potentially confuse the 
learner.

2. In another question, the rationale for the third option seems to be cut off and incomplete. This needs to be revised to provide a full 
explanation. 

The common themes and findings from the reviews are:

1. The questions are of good quality, being specific, clear, and directly related to the topic. They effectively test the reader's 
comprehension of the author's viewpoint on a specific aspect of the topic.

2. The options provided are also of good quality, covering all possible stances the author could have on the topic: in favor, against, or 
neutral.

3. The correct answer is included in the options, which is a positive aspect.

4. The rationales are well-written and clearly explain why each option is correct or incorrect based on the author's stated opinion in the 
text.

However, there are two unusual findings:

1. The correct option is not selected. The correct answer is "The author is not a fan of horizontally layered architecture," but it is not 
marked with an X. This could lead to confusion and should be corrected.

2. Despite the correct answer being included in the options, it is not marked as such. This is a significant oversight that could mislead 
learners and should be rectified. 

